welcome my beautiful friends leaves I'm
gonna start off with Laura Mercier's
tinted moisturizer her color is in
caramel and Elise has beautiful skin she
doesn't need much coverage so this is
more for just evening out her skin tone
so just buff that in and we're gonna use
a concealer this is a bomb concealer in
medium dark
I'm just doing a patting motion you
don't want to be too rough with the
under eyes so just Pat it on and then
you can see it builds color quite easily
next I'm using the eyeshadow base from
the more perfect palette applying it
from your lid to brow bone next I'm
taking shimmering taupe from the palette
and then I'm gonna buff it in to blend
out the harsh lines with natural eye
shadow
here I'm using makeup Forever's gel
eyeliner and this is very easy to work
with it's very smooth it's great because
it doesn't smudge it's waterproof and
you can also apply it to your waterline
just gonna set her face with a
mineralized skinfinish by Mac and medium
dark time for some lashes I found these
lashes on eBay for fairly inexpensive
I'll try to find a link for you guys
wanting to go pretty soft on the blush
so I decided on bronze goddess on blush
illuminator and it's just a nice soft
coral color moving on to lips that we're
using her soft luster lipstick and it
has a nice pink shade to it and I'm
gonna top it off with Malley beauty's
lip gloss in blossom now I'm just gonna
fill in her brows with a max espresso
eyeshadow and I'm just using an angled
flat brush and I'm gonna use Mac's false
lashes mascara to blend the balls lashes
and her lashes together look how scared
she kind of looks of this heated lash
curler haha then I wanted more opaque
pink lips so I opted it off with Turkish
delight here's the finished look she's
actually singing to Keri Hilson which I
cannot add due to copyright reasons but
anyway enjoy
it's supposed to help keep your hair out
of your 50